chore: mention integrations in the README (#6805)
deepset-ai/haystack: README.md

🏃‍♀️ **[Pipelines](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/pipelines):** This is the standard Haystack structure that builds on top of your data to perform various NLP tasks such as retrieval augmented generation, question answering and more. Pipelines in Haystack are Directed Multigraphs composed of components. Components can receive inputs from other components and produce outputs that can be forwarded to other components.

🗂️ **[Document stores](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/document_store):** A DocumentStore is database where you store your text data for Haystack to access. Haystack DocumentStores are available with ElasticSearch, Opensearch, Weaviate, Pinecone, Chroma and more. For a full list of available DocumentStores, check out our [documentation](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/document_store).

> 🔌 **[Integrations](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/integrations):** The Haystack ecosystem integrates with many other technologies, such as vector databases, model providers and even custom components made by the community. Most of the code is hosted in the [haystasck-core-integration](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations) Github repository, while you can find a list of available integrations on the [Haystack Integrations page](https://haystack.deepset.ai/integrations).

Reviewer: agree with @shadeMe here, this will make it clearer that there are some that we do _not_ maintain

> 🔌 **[Integrations](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/integrations):** The Haystack ecosystem integrates with many other technologies, such as vector databases, model providers and even custom components made by the community. Most of the code is hosted in the [haystasck-core-integration](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations) Github repository, while you can find a list of available integrations on the [Haystack Integrations page](https://haystack.deepset.ai/integrations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
🔌 **[Integrations](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/integrations):** The Haystack ecosystem integrates with many other technologies, such as vector databases, model providers and even custom components made by the community. You can find a list of available integrations on the [Haystack Integrations page](https://haystack.deepset.ai/integrations). The source code of the integrations maintained by deepset can be found in the [haystack-core-integration](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations) GitHub repository.
```

Just a small fix to suggestion above

🏃‍♀️ **[Pipelines](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/pipelines):** This is the standard Haystack structure that builds on top of your data to perform various NLP tasks such as retrieval augmented generation, question answering and more. Pipelines in Haystack are Directed Multigraphs composed of components. Components can receive inputs from other components and produce outputs that can be forwarded to other components.

🗂️ **[Document stores](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/document_store):** A DocumentStore is a database where you store your text data for Haystack to access. Haystack DocumentStores are available with ElasticSearch, Opensearch, Weaviate, Pinecone, Chroma and more. For a full list of available DocumentStores, check out our [documentation](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/document_store).

> 🔌 **[Integrations](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/integrations):** The Haystack ecosystem integrates with many other technologies, such as vector databases, model providers and even custom components made by the community. You can find a list of available integrations on the [Haystack Integrations page](https://haystack.deepset.ai/integrations). The source code of the integrations maintained by deepset can be found in the [haystack-core-integration](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations) GitHub repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
🔌 **[Integrations](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/integrations):** The Haystack ecosystem integrates with many other technologies, such as vector databases, model providers and even custom components made by the community. You can find a list of available integrations on the [Haystack Integrations page](https://haystack.deepset.ai/integrations). The source code of the integrations maintained by deepset can be found in the [haystack-core-integrations](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations) GitHub repository.
```
